Added release documentation in BYOH repo (#669)
vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost: docs/release.md

# Release

> This document describes how to release the ClusterAPI BYOH infrastructure provider.

Reviewer: s/ClusterAPI/Cluster API/g
```suggestion
This document describes how to release the Cluster API BYOH infrastructure provider.
```

There are more places in the doc where we can make similar edits.

> ### Current BYOH release: `v0.3.0`

Reviewer 2: Will be good to include a table to specify older releases?

Reviewer 3: Do we need to specify releases at all? Then it will be a task every release to update this list.

Author: > Do we need to specify releases at all?

+1, adding release here is redundant and might not add much value. Will remove this.

---

> ##### Follow below steps to make a new release in BYOH

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Follow the below steps to make a new release in BYOH
```

> 1. Update `metadata.yaml` file if a new major/minor version is being released. This is not needed in case of patch release. Map the newly added version to supported ClusterAPI contract version.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion: Update the filename to `cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost/metadata.yaml`
```suggestion
1. Open a PR to update `cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost/metadata.yaml` file if a new major/minor version is being released. This is not needed in case of patch release. Map the newly added version to supported ClusterAPI contract version.
```

> 2. Create new tag from main branch. For example - `git tag v0.3.0`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Create a new git tag from the main branch of the upstream git repo(vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost). For example - `git tag v0.3.0`
```

Reviewer 3: Also, you can mention that we follow semantic versioning for releases and link to https://semver.org/

> 3. Push the tag to vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-byoh repository (not in custom fork)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Push the git tag to upstream repo(vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost) repository
```

`git push v0.3.0`

> 4. This will trigger a new workflow in GitHub actions. Wait for the workflow to finish. This workflow will create a draft release having the contributions, changes and assets. Verify the assets, they should contain BYOH agent, cluster templates and infrastructure components.

Reviewer 4: In Github, Is it pre-release or draft release?
```suggestion
4. This will trigger a new Github Actions workflow called [draft-release](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost/actions/workflows/draft-release.yaml). Wait for the workflow to finish. This workflow will create a draft release having the contributions, changes and assets. Verify the assets, they should contain BYOH agent, cluster templates and infrastructure components.
```

> 5. Next step is to release BYOH controller image.  Create controller image in local using below command

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
5. Next step is to release `BYOH` controller OCI image.  Create controller image in local using below make target
```

Reviewer 3: Add a note that this is a manual step and TODO: Automate this step

   `IMG=projects.registry.vmware.com/cluster_api_provider_bringyourownhost/cluster-api-byoh-controller:v0.3.0 make docker-build`

> 

Reviewer: This can be wrapped in side a code block. WDTY?

   This will create an image having name - `projects.registry.vmware.com/cluster_api_provider_bringyourownhost/cluster-api-byoh-controller`

> 6. Next, this image needs to be pushed to  projects.registry.vmware.com harbor registry. Mostly project maintainers have access to the harbor registry, so they can be contacted to perform this step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Next, this image needs to be pushed to the `projects.registry.vmware.com` harbor registry. Most project maintainers have access to the harbor registry, so they can be contacted to perform this step.
```

Reviewer 2: > Most project maintainers have access to the harbor registry, so they can be contacted to perform this step.

Add eg: @anusha94 and @dharmjit?

Reviewer 3: I'd simply say `The project maintainers have access....` instead of `Most project maintainers have access....`

   `docker login projects.registry.vmware.com -u <username> -p <password>`

>    `docker push projects.registry.vmware.com/cluster_api_provider_bringyourownhost/cluster-api-byoh-controller:v0.3.0`

Reviewer: Can we put this inside a code block?
